Add Templates/EIP-Complexity-Assessment.md (#1)
ethsteel/pm: Templates/EIP-Complexity-Assessment.md

- 3. Multiple new system contracts are introduced and at least one of them is either stateful or triggers a new system action (e.g. requests to the consensus layer).

#### Modified system contracts

Modifies pre-existing system contracts 

- 0. No modifications to pre-existing system contracts are introduced.
- 3. At least one pre-existing system contract is modified, which would involve irregular state transition or a similarly complex transition methodology.

#### Added opcodes

Introduces new opcodes 

- 0. No new opcodes are introduced.
- 1. A new simple opcode is introduced (no data portion, no complex stack mechanics, and a constant gas cost).
- 2. Multiple new simple opcodes are introduced, or a single new complex opcode is introduced (has data portion, or complex stack mechanics, or a dynamic gas cost).
- 3. Multiple new opcodes are introduced, and at least one of them is complex (has data portion, or complex stack mechanics, or a dynamic gas cost).

*Cryptography opcodes are not considered complex by default. Refer to the "Cryptography" section for a separate assessment.

> #### Modified opcodes

Reviewer: Should deprecated opcodes be included in this for 1 point?

Modifies pre-existing opcodes 

- 0. No pre-existing opcode modifications are introduced.
- 3. At least one pre-existing opcode's behavior is modified (not including gas changes).

#### Added precompiles

Introduces new precompiles 

- 0. No new precompiles are introduced.
- 1. A new simple precompile is introduced (constant input length, constant gas cost).
- 2. Multiple new simple precompiles are introduced, or a single new complex precompile is introduced (dynamic input length or dynamic gas cost).

> - 3. Multiple new precompiles are introduced, and at least one of them is complex (dynamic input length or dynamic gas cost).

Reviewer: Excludes the case where a single precompile is introduced that is complex. 

```suggestion
- 3. Multiple new precompiles are introduced, or at least one of them is complex (dynamic input length or dynamic gas cost).
```

*Cryptography precompiles are not considered complex by default. Refer to the "Cryptography" for a separate assessment.

#### Modified precompiles

Modifies pre-existing precompiles logic or gas-accounting 

- 0. No pre-existing precompiles are modified.
- 1. At least one pre-existing precompile has its gas schedule modified.
- 2. Multiple pre-existing precompiles have their gas schedule modified, or a single pre-existing precompile has its behavior modified.

> - 3. Multiple pre-existing precompiles have their behavior modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 3. Modifications to the behavior of a pre-existing complex precompile or multiple pre-existing precompiles.
```
